Writers man:
Ungureanu Violeta-Mihaela
Cool story goes here:
35: 
The wizard entered the damp, dark hall. He looked cautiously around for any 
possible dangers that might lurk in the far end of the hall, where his eyes
could barely distinguish anything.

Suddenly the few torches that were fixed on the walls started flickering,
and one by one they were extinguished by the wind. The air started getting hotter 
and a shive ran down the spine of the wizard. Out of fear, the dyslexic wizard ducked down 
behind a sofa. After he quickly glanced around, he saw a door to his right
and sneakily entered through the door.

36:
As he entered the room there was red writing on the wall. This seemed like a warning, however,
due to the dyslexia of the protagonist, he couldn't make anything out of it. He tried casting
a spell that would reveal any hidden traps however he couldn't remember it entirely so he pulled out
his spell book. He started reciting the spell but instead of the one for the danger detection
he read the one for launching fireworks. At once fireworks began bursting through the room and
lots of traps such as darts started flying through the room, activated by the fireworks. 
Thus the wizard panicked and immediately went back through the door that he came through.

37:
The room he just entered was inundated by light. In the center of the room was a huge chess board.
An old man was waiting at the other end of the table and invited our talented wizard to play a
game with him or else he dies. In order to move the enourmous marble pieces, the wizard had to 
use his wand, while the elder man seemed to move them with his mind. After a long and tiring
match, the wizard, a skilled chess player beat the old man and thus was able to go in the next room.

38:
Just as he entered the room, an armored knight was waiting there to kill him. He duck fast to
the right, dodging the swinging blade and quickly cast a fire spell that hit the knight
right in the middle of his eyes, after which he quickly ran to the door to his left, not
waiting to see if the knight survived or not.

39:
The dyslexic wizard ran through the door and saw a large room full of ghosts that were 
chanting something written on a blackboard. The words seemed familiar to our wizard, however,
he was unable to read the actually spell, so he asked a ghost next to him what are they chanting.
The ghost responded with a creepy smile on its face and said that this spell transforms anyone who hears
it into a ghost. The wizard ran fast to the door and was able to escape before the spell finished.

1
The wizard woke up and felt horrible. His nose was runny, his eyes watery and his mouth felt dry.
He went to the grimoire to search for a spell to make him feel better.
But because of his dyslexia and watery eyes, he couldn't read a thing.
He had to choose:

1. go back to sleep             
2. go to the left room          2
3. go to the right room         3

2
The wizard turns right and finds himself in a room with no windows and again two doors: left or right. On the wall right in front of him there is an old drawing of a beautiful young lady. Who is she? He feels like he knows her, but he cannot remember who she is and what is she for him. A nostalgia fills him deeply and cannot bear to stay anymore in this room

Go to right Turn to 4
Go to left Turn to 5



(Left Door))

The wizard enters through the left door
He opens it slowly and sees a bunch of flying keys
Being dyslexic, he has trouble reading the flying spells and accidentally casts a spell that makes the keys fly around him in circles
Luckily, one of the keys is the key to the next door, and it flies right into his hand
The key is for the (4 Right Door) (5.11 Left Door)

8
The wizard enters the room and he finds a sleeping cat. He goes to pet it and as he crouches down to its level
the cat opens its eyes. Instead of eyes it has 2 fireballs. He is taken aback and the cat starts growling.
He sprints towards one of the doors and bursts into the next room, closing the door behind him.
(right door)
(left door)

15
The wizard is in the new room and he discovers a table full of mind puzzles games. He picks up a rubik cube
(because of course a rubik cube exists in this world). He tries to solve it manually, but he gives up after a while.
He takes the wand out of his inner pocket and spells the rubik cube to solve itself. He is done with mind puzzles.
He goes out of the room.
(Right door)
(forward)
(left door)

22
The wizard enters the room and a lion attacks him. He dies instantly. The lion is no longer hungry. The end

29
The wizard enters a room and he finds a feast to which he was not invited. It was the baptism of a princess. But, because
he has read stories and knows better, he does not complain about not being invited. He Leaves.

(right door)
(forward)
(left door)

36
The wizard comes into a room where the floor is lava. He knows this game well. He spells a path of stone for him toward
the next door. But as he steps onto it, he sneezes and falls into the lava. The end

(Right Door)

The wizard enters through the right door
He opens it and sees a giant dragon sleeping in the middle of the room
The wizard tries to sneak past the dragon, but it wakes up and starts chasing him around the room
He tries to cast a spell to put the dragon back to sleep,
 but he accidentally casts a spell that makes himself sleep instead
The dragon takes advantage of the situation and starts to eat the wizard
(The End, You Lose)


(Left Door)

The wizard enters through the left door
He opens it and sees a beautiful garden with a fountain in the middle
But the wizard is dislexic and thinks the sign says "Pick the flower to win the fame"
He doesn't care about fame and moves forward
(Left Door) (Right Door)

(Right Door)

The wizard enters through the right door
He opens it and sees a room filled with treasure chests
The wizard starts opening the chests and finds gold, jewels, and magical artifacts
But he also finds a cursed chest that releases a swarm of angry bees
The wizard tries to swat the bees away, but they keep coming back and eventually sting him to death
(The End, You Lose)

(Left Door)
The wizard enters through the left door
He opens it and sees a room filled with mirrors
He gets scared and goes back to the previous room


Left Left-Valex

In there room he finds BOX with a lot of potions.
One Potion is named  Depth(allows the one who drinks it to reach the full depth of their magical potential
The other Potion is called Death (it kills the one who drinks it)
4.1.
The Wizard can not figure which potion he should take, du to his dyslexia,So he drinks them both.
He gets a surge of power and his dyslexia gets cured.
Happy that he can now read, he dies due to the Death potion.

4.2
The Wizard does not concern himself with potions and finds a door that leads to the outside world.

4.3
The Wizard takes the 2 potions but does not drink them, he leaves the dungeon and decides to sell the potions to the King, however the labels on the potions have been ripped out in his journey.
The king dies.


4.4
The wizard takes the potions and goes back to the garden

4.5
The wizard gives up and goes back to the garden to drown himself, the water isto shallow so he justt stands there, Menacingly

5: L-R



5: =============hi this is 5 

5.11:
Upon arriving in this room the wizard is presented with two doors
Choose one!

Left door - 5.21
Right door - 5.31
Leave the room - 3



5.21:
Upon touching the door handle a loud growl can be heard from the room.
Proceed?

Yes! - 5.22
No! - 5.11

5.22:
Upon entering the room he realises that the sound he heard was not a growl and, instead, the sound of bricks sliding across the floor by themselves
The bricks gather in the middle and form a monster made of clay!

A spell should quickly resolve this encounter

How will you handle it?
Fireball to attack: 5.23
Blink to flee: 5.24

5.23:
Upon casting a fireball spell he uhhhh somehow messes it up and summons it on himself instead of the enemy
he dies

5.24:
Upon casting the blink spell, instead of casting outside the room he blinks into the monster and suffocates
he dies!


5.31: In this room he found a chest containing a tome in which a powerful spell was written, one that was said to turn the caster into a god.


Leave the room - 5.11
Inspect the tome further - 5.2 
Read the spell - 5.33


5.32:
The tome didn't seem sketchy at all
He analysed it as deeply as he could but nothing seemed off...

Leave the room - 5.11
Read the spell - 5.33




5.33:

He knew that due to his dyslexia, misreading any of the paragraphs of such a powerful spell could lead to catastrophic results, so he had to focus.
Each word was carefully read and re-read in his head before casting the spell out loud.
After twelve or so re-reads, he was ready.
In one smooth sentence he managed to successfully cast it.
There was one issue though.
On the cover of the tome it didn't say god. It said dog.

Dog ending!

Cool story goes here:

30
Once the wizard enters the room he finds himself in front of a HUGE book with human features. In order to exit the dungeon 
he must fight this magical monster. The books has magical powers and can shoot letters. Since the wizard is dyslexic he is unable to defend himself.
He tries to attack but unfortunately he misses every time. The book wins and the wizard sadly dies.


31

The wizard enters the room, trips and breaks his ankle. He finds a magic potion on the floor and drinks it. 
He suddenly starts speaking ghibberish and see floating letters around him. He is deathly afraid of letters so he has a panic attack and runs for his life to find the exit.

32

As the wizard enters the room, he finds a 3-headed dragon and befriends it. 
This dragon becomes his best friend and guides him out of the dungeon. They remain friends forever.


33

As the wizard enters the room, he is sucked into a portal which sends him to a different dimension. 
This dimension is completely opposite to the reality he once knew. He encounters a witch and instantly falls in love.
 The wizard is grateful that he found this dimension and stays here and marries the witch.


34


When the wizard enters the room he is asked to say the secret password by a guardian. The guardian seems to be dangerous and evil. The wizard fails to provide the password and is then struck by the guardian and thrown out of the room.

